Update version number as part of build (#1373)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/ReleaseProcess.md

Note: Currently releases are not production signed.

> 1. Update the version number, making sure to follow [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org), in the following two files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the version number, making sure to follow [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org), in the following file:
```
